There are a few subtle errors that allow stealing the funds.

Let's analyze the `vault.func` first:

1) When `vault.func` receives a message from a `database.func`, instead of manually comparing `op` against all possible op codes (`op_not_winner`, `op_winner`) it has an else-branch. Even worse - the else-branch transfers all the funds! The Code of `database.func` never sends any op codes other than these two, so having and else-branch instead of `if (op == op_winner)` should be equivalent ... but there is a subtle error #2:

2) `vault.func` doesn't handle bounced messages, which means it processes them like any others, and because the bounced messages are automatically given the op code 0xffffffff, they would fall into the else-branch thus releasing all the funds!

The trick now is to get the bounce. Let's take a look at the `database.func`:

The code, which handles messages from the vault is quite short and it just loads the data according to a format in which it itself saved the data in the storage before. It was a complicated sentence. Simplified version: you don't have control over the format of the storage. What you have control over is `award_address`. The problem here is very subtle:

3) `award_address` might not be a standard `workchain+address_hash` type of address and in that case, the `parse_std_addr` would fail.

Note how `parse_std_addr` is only happening at the vault's request. That is why you can register a non-standard address to receive an award, but the vault can't properly request info about it.

So here is how the exploit works:
1) Compose a non-standard address
2) Register to participate from your wallet, specifying the address from step #1 to receive an award
3) Request vault for your status
And enjoy money in your wallet.


