**Note, it seems that winner used other strategy to solve this task.** Below is *our* solution.

The problem with bank is that approach used to “preserve” money from stealing is not working instantly: instead it sends message which will be somewhat later received by bank. So if withdraw request will reach bank while all money is on the fly, bank will be insolvent during request processing. This issue is exacerbated by the fact that when bank is insolvent it sends all money to last withdrawer and self-destructs.
As a result to hack the bank one need to
1. deposit money into bank
2. send two close requests for withdrawal: the easiest way is to send two messages in one transaction via wallet-v2/v3 (it supports sending up to 4 messages in one tx, however some manual scripting is required)
3. redeploy bank with empty user accounts table
4. deposit small sum and withdraw all "unowned" money

### Aftermath
It was expected that the 7th task will illustrate the importance of taking into account concurrency and race conditions. However, it demonstrated another important aspect of working in TON: hashmaps should be treated quite carefully.

Contract "reserves" money by sending them to itself always assuming that it has enough money to reserve. To ensure this, the contract withholds constant commission from deposits and withdrawals. The problem is that operations with hashmaps are not constant gas: the deeper the hashmap, the more cells it requires to handle to insert/delete key-value, and the more fee it requires.

So once enough contestants deposited TON to the bank total fee of the deposit/withdraw cycle was slightly more than deposit+withdrawal fees (something like 0.003 TON). That means that on each operation balance of the contract decreased.

The winner (and simultaneously the spammer) managed to send so many deposit/withdrawal requests that the balance of the contract become less than the sum of the balances of depositors, "reserve" operation quietly failed and the winner got the whole balance.
